it what's up guys it's brian from few
choice being you another great video and
today i bring you another squad builder
and this squad builder is the best
portuguese league silver squad that goes
round for 290 k wow that is a lot of
coins let's start off here with the
goalkeeper with bullets the I think
third-string goalkeeper for poor 273
ready to from turkey he actually went
out on loan last January be coming back
or he'll be sold but he little-known
fact the only goalkeeper Deborah scoring
Champions League match not poor to as
he's never actually played for the team
but for standard of the edge in the
Belgium leak I think so he's pretty good
probably better than fabiano stat wise
that's why I chose him over fabiano
alright going on to our first
centre-back we have international man of
the match how leash from Algeria guy had
a great game scored for Algeria
unfortunately Algeria did not make it
out as they were eliminated in the round
of 16 but they were great team him and
other Portuguese league player slemani
were great but Soleimani is not on the
ultimate team so we'll have to do with a
leash the next centre-back is Eric dire
our dear if you will however pronounce
it he's English centre back from
sporting really good player 74 defending
77 heading just overall good stats one
of the best centre-backs for silver in
portuguese league moving on to our last
centre-back we have informed noon winded
way and a lot of people found this a
shocker that this guy actually gotten
informed because he doesn't play that
well at all for drag our and general for
anyone but you know he's got the best
defending for a silver center back in
the league at 78 so I think he'll bring
in some rock solid performances going on
to left mid uh using as a left wing
right now is sami from beneath you move
this guy has some great pace at 91 pace
77 dribbling isn't bad at all either you
know so this guy can definitely go up
and down the field bringing crosses next
we go into our midfield with our first
center mid and different
to use from sporting this guy is a good
80 pace which is really good for Senator
minutes 24 past 79 dribbling also really
good just solid solid midfield next we
have our other center mid which is
William provide you the team of the
season most consistent player with some
nice stats especially going along with
our defensive stats a two heading an 82
defense I never play with him and I'm
gonna see how he plays hopefully play as
well looks nice at right mid we have
subbed or Agra this guy just looks
amazing he's got everything you want and
a winger are outside mid 91 pace any
shot 83 dribbling just great guy i'm
gonna go enjoy playing with this dude
going on to Center techie mid we have
Hector Herrera who surprisingly was I I
believe yeah 22k that is insane for a
non rare 74 Center Jackie mid he has all
right stats 76 pace I think you're
passing 73 dribbling just average player
catalyst stat on them there but nothing
worth twenty two thousand coins to be
honest moving on touratech our two
strikers are going to be Markovich from
Becca who has 87 pace and is originally
a centre-forward really good but the 65
shot lets him down 70 passing isn't bad
along with eight who dribbling but I
really need that I don't really need
that shot to go up 65 isn't suited for
me and to finish off our best portuguese
league silver team we have recessive
from Braga informed 74 this guy's to
play for Sevilla I believe came on to
Brea had some great seller performances
and it paid off in this great informed
not that great of pace but the shots
good the dribbling is fine and so is the
heading hopefully you'll do well thanks
guys and stay tuned for some gameplay
you